chore: update readme design (#12)
kwila-cloud/karriba: README.md

---

## 🔑 Access

🚧 **Currently in Alpha**: We are actively developing Karriba and working towards a stable release.

In the long run, you’ll have two ways to access the software:

### ☁️ Cloud Service

We will offer a fully hosted cloud version for users who want hassle-free access.

💰 **Planned pricing:** $100/month

#### 🎁 Subscription Perks

- 🚀 **Priority Support** – Get help when you need it.
- ☁️ **Cloud Access** – Secure and seamless.
- 💡 **Feature Requests Priority** – Your ideas shape the future.

🔓 **Cancel anytime**—many users may only need the service seasonally.

### 🏡 Self-Hosted

Once the cloud service is stable and has paying users, we will provide **self-hosting documentation** so you can run Karriba on your own infrastructure—**always 100% free**.

💡 **Note:** Self-hosted users won’t have access to [paid perks](#subscription-perks), but they will still benefit from a robust open-source tool.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

🚀 **Want to help build the future of drone record-keeping?**

Before contributing, please review our [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

### 🔥 What We Need

> - **💰 Funding:** We need **$5,000** to kickstart development.
> - **📝 A Better Name:** "Karriba" is a working title—help us find the perfect name!

Reviewer: @LeanMendez These points no longer apply. We have figured out a plan for initial funding and Karriba is the final name. We do need ongoing funding.

```suggestion
- **💰 Funding:** We need reliable monthly sponsors to support ongoing development of the project.
```
